---
layout: post
title:      "The Why      "
date:       2018-06-19 15:39:25 -0400
permalink:  the_why
---


Why software development?? 

Because I couldn't become a wizard (though I still believe my Hogwarts letter got lost in the mail) and this is the next best thing lol 

But seriously, in what other discipline can you create something out of thin air with virtually endless possibilities using just your mind? I'd say we are all the closest things to being witches and wizards that this world has.

Alright, though I do believe what I said above, to really look at the why I have to reflect on the past and my journey to this point, this will also serve as a brief "get to know me". 

My name is Christian and I was raised in CO by my mom with my two brothers, Justin(+5yrs) and Bobby(-2yrs). I grew up a quiet and reserved kid. Loved problem solving or strategy games, hanging with friends, and sports (football, basketball, and lacrosse). That about summed me up haha, played sports my whole life and ended up going to the University of Denver on a lacrosse scholarship. School had always been easy so I was looking for a challenge and chose to go the pre-med route. Roughly half way through I realized it wasn't the path for me after shadowing some docs, it was just too repetitive and lacked substantial challenges following graduation unless you go the research route, which has way too much red tape. So I finished all that out while also getting a degree in business management to try and give myself more options after graduating. 

Oh! I also won a D1 national championship in lacrosse in 15' with the team (it was pretty cool).

So I graduate  in 17' with degrees in Business Mgmt and Bio w/ chem & phys minors, and I get a job in neurology pharmaceutical sales (the mix of business and bio degrees paid off). I thought this was going to be the perfect fit for me, great pay, talk to intelligent people all day, freedom to run your own business essentially, and flexibility. Well... I get a few months into it and am so unfulfilled I can't stand it. 

Why? Well at the core it was no longer challenging or stimulating. I felt like I could start going through everyday brain dead. I was no longer learning anything and felt stagnant which was the worst feeling in the world. I also hated that I was essentially working alone, I have been on teams literally year round since I was 5 years old until last year and didn't realize how much I thrive and love working in that environment.

So I start looking for what I think just might be a fulfilling profession to me. I've had learning to code on my to-do list for a couple years but between sports and school never quite had time. I do a ton of research on the good and bad and talk to some software developers and *it clicks, this is it. This is what I've been looking for all along. This is an area that is going to keep accelerating, there is always going to be more to master and limits to push. The possibilities are endless. It's almost like space exploration, being a pioneer. Being a software developer is being a problem-solver everyday. That's what I love, there is always a challenge, always mental stimulation, always improvement, I get excited just thinking about it! *

Not to mention the ability to work as a team, the creativity, strategy, the introverted and extroverted aspects of it all, every piece of it seems like the perfect fit for me and anyone who knows me has agreed. Even the negatives that I've been told aren't things that concern me. 

So that's why. 

I literally can't wait any longer to start, so here I go, wish me luck!!

*-Christian*

